This has been quite a journey.
You started out learning the basics of object-oriented programming
and you ended up with a Python package that you can share with the world.
Let's review all the concepts from this lesson.
First, you wrote some basic object-oriented programs using clothing.
You coded a few classes and instantiated objects.
These objects had a set of characteristics called
attributes and a set of actions called methods.
Then, you started working with a more complex class representing Gaussian distributions.
You practiced writing magic methods and writing programs that included inheritance.
Next, you converted the Gaussian class into a Python package,
and then you added another class called binomial.
Once all of this code was ready,
you uploaded this package to PyPi.
That's a lot of work for one lesson.
You should be really proud because,
as I said in the beginning,
I don't think too many people know how to write a Python package and upload it to PyPi.
This object-oriented programming lesson,
however, is not the end of the software development class.
In the next lesson, you are going to make a web app containing a data dashboard.
This is going to expand your software engineering skills and
gives you another tool for telling stories with data.
I hope you enjoyed writing
object-oriented programs and I'll see you in the web development lesson.